#summary Installation
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

= Introduction =

Here you will learn now to install the plugintemplate and turn it into your plugin.


= Installation =

  # You need a copy of HL2SDK, i recommend you get it from here: http://hg.alliedmods.net/hl2sdks/
  # Copy '*plugintemplate*' folder to: *HL2SDK/utils/* or where you want (You can rename the folder)
  # Get metamod sources, if you don't want to use Metamod, you must have at same.<br>Download fom: http://sourcemm.net/downloads (plugintemplate was compiled with Metamod:Source 1.8.5)
  # Unrar metamod to: *HL2SDK/* or other folder
  # On Windows, there is no particular directory layout required -- environment variables are used instead. The directions below apply to Windows XP, and are assumed to be similar for other versions of Windows.
   # Open the Control Panel (for example, via Start -> Settings).
   # Open the System control. If you don't see it, you may need to switch to "Classic view" (either via the left-hand pane or by going to Tools -> Folder Options).
   # Click the Advanced tab.
   # Click the Environment Variables button.

  You can add your environment variables to either your User settings or your System settings. Create a new variable for each item in the list below. The item names are in fixed-width font and their value descriptions follow.

   * *MMSOURCE* - Path to Metamod:Source source code.
   * *HL2SDK* - Path to HL2SDK for Ep1/Original
   * *HL2SDK-DARKM* - Path to HL2SDK for Dark Messiah
   * *HL2SDKOB* - Path to HL2SDK for Ep2/OrangeBox
   * *HL2SDKOBVALVE* - Path to HL2SDK for Ep2/OrangeBox Valve
   * *HL2SDKL4D* - Path to HL2SDK for Left 4 Dead
   * *HL2SDKL4D2* - Path to HL2SDK for Left 4 Dead 2
   * *HL2SDKSWARM* - Path to HL2SDK for Alien Swarm
   
  Installation done<br>
  Open the plugin project and start codding.

*Final Note:* If you use sourcehook on your VSP plugin you must include it in your Windows Project